hi I'm Jeff Klein one of the executive
producers of Transformers Prime
our show premieres on the hub on Monday
November 29th but before it does we
thought we'd give you a little
behind-the-scenes taste of just what
happens here in the world of
transformers I got it Megatron barfs
Megatron bars yeah that'd be awesome
say that for the movies okay this
actually has to be good it's a brand new
show we got to raise the bar you know
think classy okay thank Jon vomits your
magical your magical high five
keep your inner touch after Alex
involved set the overall direction the
team of the best animation runner in the
business get to work crafting each and
every story and turning it into some of
the best animation scripts in the
business how's my act to tag Kevin
people we were hoping we could eat we're
hungry
writers are such a whiny lot
gentlemen thanks for helping us out
today as you know the Transformers
animated prime series is going to be a
kind of amazing 3d animation the way we
do it is do it this process called
motion capture Optimus Prime that's you
on the on the right can you can you
defer to a full 360 just so we can scan
you into the into the computer YouTube
BB can you start rotating please um
we're gonna need some milk up on the
back there fella is this green screen of
an iron by the way actually why don't
you know what to get a feel for the for
the suits why don't we do you guys know
the robot right you know how to dance
the robot can you can you guys maybe do
a little you know how to like in the
ages they would do that looks like all
poppin just call them there you go there
you go yeah remember they're robots with
personalities there so you're not so
robotic if there's a little bit of a
loose as there you go optimus that's a
looseness hold that pose hold the pose
and cut great you guys want any relax
for a second we're going to change the
the tape on the sound and just relax for
a second I'll be right back
you guys are doing great really thank
you
guys what channel's the hub again try
like 300,000 not 3 try 352 why don't we
just go
like mobile please
hello Bob I'm here with a Alex and Jeff
um we're wondering what channel is the
hub on in LA and we're getting paid did
you check your local listings at hub
Broadcom alex forgot ok no problem I
have the schedule for every city
memorized you guys are channel 294 yep
you're welcome bye um like another thing
um we're getting paid for this right we
haven't we haven't gotten any cheque or
anything
was that not Shh
sorry Bob you're breaking up I can't we
got it
we go
Oh
we go look away turn your head away
merci knew it loud and clear Moulton I
have a situation
you